README.md, before:

# Debian-Setup-Utility

A powerful shell utility that helps you install many applications at once on any linux machine running Debian

## Friendly Reminders

1. You must be logged in as a user who is listed in the sudoers file on your system

2. make sure you've given the __Install_My_Applications.sh__ file executable privileges by running `sudo chmod +x Install_My_Applications.sh`

4. make sure you've downloaded the [.tar.gz](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/toolbox/) for Jetbrains Toolbox

3. make sure you've downloaded all of the .deb files for the following list of applications inside the same directory as this script
    
- [DBeaver Community Edition](https://dbeaver.io/download)
- [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/download/)
- [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/)
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/download)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)
- [Veracrypt](https://www.veracrypt.fr/en/Downloads.html)

## Running the Installation Script

Inside a terminal, execute the script using the following command.

```
./Install_My_Applications.sh
```

## Current List of Applications

A list of libraries & applications that the installation script installs on your machine

### Libraries

- Snap
- Curl
- C/C++ developer tools
- NodeJS
- Make
- Boost
- MySQL Client
- NPM
- Ruby
- NFS
- Rsync

### Applications

- Vim
- Thunderbird Mail
- HomeBank
- Spotify
- Sublime Text
- Gnome Tweaks
- Git
- Gitk
- Gh
- Okular
- Dbeaver Community Edition
- Bitwarden
- Google Chrome
- Jetbrains Toolbox
- Obsidian
- Visual Studio Code
- VeraCrypt
- Jetbrains toolbox

Commit message:

Rewrite prerequisites section of README

README.md, after:

# Debian-Setup-Utility

A powerful shell utility that helps you install many applications at once on any linux machine running Debian

## Prerequisites

1. You must be logged in as a user who is listed in the sudoers file on your system

2. make sure you've given the _main.sh_ file executable privileges by running the following command in a terminal

```
sudo chmod +x Install_My_Applications.sh
```

## Running the Installation Script

Inside a terminal, execute the script using the following command.

```
./Install_My_Applications.sh
```

## Current List of Applications

A list of libraries & applications that the installation script installs on your machine

### Libraries

- Snap
- Curl
- C/C++ developer tools
- NodeJS
- Make
- Boost
- MySQL Client
- NPM
- Ruby
- NFS
- Rsync

### Applications

- Vim
- Thunderbird Mail
- HomeBank
- Spotify
- Sublime Text
- Gnome Tweaks
- Git
- Gitk
- Gh
- Okular
- Dbeaver Community Edition
- Bitwarden
- Google Chrome
- Jetbrains Toolbox
- Obsidian
- Visual Studio Code
- VeraCrypt
- Jetbrains toolbox
